[Music]
medical expenses and illness can drain
you financially and
emotionally with IC Lombard health
insurance you no longer have to worry we
can help ease the financial burden while
you focus on getting better our health
insurance covers all medical expenses as
per your policy terms and conditions
during
hospitalization you can choose a partner
hospital for our convenient and easy
cashless option you can also choose a
non-partner hospital and follow our
reimbursement process if you have chosen
to go through the cashless process
through one of our
6,500 plus partner hospitals the steps
to follow are quick and easy at the
hospital third party assistant desk
submit your e-health card which is
available on our IL take care app or
with your policy document along with a
government issued ID card the assistant
will then fill the claim form and take
care of the rest of the process for you
our team will assess your claim request
and share an update regarding your
cashless treatment within 1 hour of a
receipt of the claim while you can sit
back and receive your treatment in
peace at the time of discharge you only
have to pay the amount not covered in
your policy the rest of the amount will
be taken care of by us in case you have
paid any deposit please coordinate with
the hospital for a
refund if you have chosen to receive
treatment at a non-partner hospital IC
Lombard will process your claim within 8
days of
registration at the time of discharge
you have to pay the bill in full at the
hospital and remember to collect the
required
documents make sure to have your claim
form fully fill filled with the correct
information before you begin the
reimbursement
process you can submit your
reimbursement claim through the IL
takecare app or on WhatsApp the easiest
way to claim your reimbursement is
through our IL takecare App log to Il
takecare app with your registered mobile
number tap on claims and pick your
policy number in the menu tap on file a
claim simply fill in all the required
details in the next few
screens and upload the required
self-attested
[Music]
documents tap on submit your claim has
now been registered and will be cleared
within 8
days in the meantime you can check the
status of your claim on the IL take care
app on WhatsApp app or on our
website you can also claim your
reimbursement through
[Music]
WhatsApp send us a high on the number
shown on screen and our responsive and
intelligent assistant Kia will assist
you through the reimbursement Journey
choose register your claim and pick your
policy number follow the process to
enter the information of your
hospitalization Ria will now prompt you
to upload self-attested documents which
can be in a PDF or jpeg
format with this step your reimbursement
claim is registered and will be
processed within 8 days of registration
in the meanwhile you can also track your
claim status on WhatsApp on the IL
takecare app or on our
website you can also submit your claim
for reimbursement to us through
registered post or career mail in the
original hospitalization documents along
with a duy filled claim form to the
address shown on the
screen with icic Lombard health
insurance registering your health
insurance claim is simple and
[Music]
convenient